You mean that during the first of October up until this month later today?
When June 4th, and the first of October of June 4th,
you were in the secretary's office at all times.
We'll swear that over no calls in the secretary and anyone on the White House left.
Not that I remember, not that I still.
Perhaps there should be a little closer with him.
You said how much you took.
I know. Well, the secretary said you did not take them, Mr. Lucas.
Well, I said how many times a day did calls to me and you did not take on the average?
I don't know, sir. Let's put this way.
Were you told when to take calls or when not to take them?
There were two instances I was told not to. I don't remember what they were.
I don't remember any during those periods, any occasions during those days where I was told that to.
Well, at the risk of becoming more so long this subject, I think it's important subjects.
Let's play the phone ring.
As soon as the ring all day on the secretary's office, we'll start the phone rings.
What do you do? Do you pick up an extension?
Nine of all rings and I pick it up. What's it?
And where do you sit in the direction of the secretary's end?
Close out five, close to four in your office.
You sit in another room?
Well, sir. And you can hear whenever the secretary is phone rings.
Well, the smartphone is raised.
I pick it up and it's written that somebody's telling me what's stuck in the back door.
Or find out if he's the down-to-cruseman.
If you're a young, young, close, you pick up a phone.
The telephoto-regions on the wire.
Those of the secretary's them tell you to monitor the call.
Or do you proceed to monitor it?
The lengthie tells you not to monitor it.
And your family is fired.
And I have no question.
And he's actually one person.
Mr. Lucas.
Am I correct in understanding that the cabinet officers have on their desk?
I believe a yellow phone.
Which is a direct line to the white power.
This, I don't know what you call it, yellow phone.
They have a white phone and a ranch is off with the white power.
All right, I'm going to ask you the second question.
Is it possible to monitor?
Is it possible for you to listen in on that line?
No sir.
But then the third question.
Is it possible for you to monitor a call between the secretary and the white house?
Not over that line.
No sir.
Well, and I assume what line is the secretary used?
Just trying to say some time here.
Just got to the white house.
He would use that line.
So then I mean it's not possible.
I say if he uses that line all the time.
Then it would not be possible for you to monitor any call to the white house.
Does he use any other line?
I have these in truth in there.
So we use the regular switchboard when you've been there.
And it's called the white house.
You remember.
Not that I remember.
No occasion like the regular.
Why are we asking the question?
I don't understand that all secretary have direct lines.
And seven of those direct lines.
The white house.
That's why we're still here.
And all that direction.
And you send this to the right?
Send this to the right.
Send him the car.
So the direction line is an important point.
I believe that you told me that.
As far as you knew there were no calls between Mr. Stevens and family of White House.
Now, since I told her first.
Here that's not true.
And they add letters.
There is a statement for the private line.
He picks up that private line.
Sitting outside the door as you do.
You would not know such a call.
Unless you leave the job to him also.
I'm not reflecting on you.
This is your job to do that.
I have no way of knowing who he calls on the White House.
Well, look at Mr. Putty important investigation.
And by your answer you created a impression that there were no calls for the White House.
Now your testimony is that you would have no way of knowing.
Further enough there were calls in the White House.
You did not answer that phone.
It's a private line.
You did no way of knowing.
But there was a camera 1000 call.
Is that right?
There's a light in there that will indicate that he's on that phone.
So that I don't go ring any more for another phone while he's on that one.
I have no idea who he talks to or what's going on over it.
And you see when the man is on the right to see the chair believes that an answer to your question when he says anything calls in the White House.
He thinks he heard something was in the state that it was not.
But he monitored.
He's coming to the loud speaking system.
I'm not sure that I heard it, but I think that's what he said.
I don't really know what I said, sir, but that is the case.
But I have no way of monitoring.
I don't know.
It's a little bit of a great file.
He mentioned that loud speaking system.
On the ground, and you have another phone from...
I think I might find it.
When you pick up the phone,
and what is called the White House phone,
the White House operator answers it.
It might correct both of those phones.
And I have a question.
Mr. Lucas, I'm trying to find out if further enough, we have all of the phone calls.
I'm trying to get it in regard to the charges,
which resulted in immobilizing the committers.
I'm not interested in many charges, any phone calls,
to present the nice time.
I am interested in phone calls to other members of White House staff.
I understood you to say that you knew of no phone calls
between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams who's on the White House staff.
Now, is this correct?
That you use a phone call from the White House staff, Mr. Stevens.
Or from Mr. Stevens, the White House staff,
will not go through you with other phone calls, do.
But there's a direct line,
and therefore you have no way of knowing how many phone calls are made
unless you watch the white lights that went off.
Now, can you tell us roughly how many times per day
for a week that white light went on?
Most of it, I don't know.
I just picked up the gift, I don't know.
Could you give us some money?
Well, close on, there'll be one for a while.
I have no way of knowing how many times during the day.
Well, that sort of sounds like my wife when she says
it's only a little way as a way.
I don't know, that means one blocker, 20.
I couldn't decide that on the...
What's that?
Well, roughly, can I just...
One last question, can I ask you roughly what it was like that?
Can I look it forward?
Just a little, one minute.
Just a little, make it on the next day to call the other two young people here
who do monitoring.
They would be in the same position during and they wouldn't know what call were made
from the white house to Mr. Steven's device, perhaps it wasn't.
That's right.
Could you tell us how you spell each other off?
How many hours have they eaten you were?
Well, Mrs. Pike, as she said, is a secretary to Inspector Steven.
She would take calls, for example, if I went out of the room for a while or went out to reception room
or if I was already engaged, say, talking to somebody on the door,
and then I'll inspect her there and bring her to the room.
Yes, sir. She was... she was welcome.
Since the other Mrs. Pike fired up or not available, she would jump into the fridge.
Well, in other words, you don't have three shifts of one takes, dollars, and types of the next takes,
and types of material.
No, we don't have shifts at all.
I mean, these three are incidental.
Mr. Rawls, some of Mr. Rawls' disease is worth full time.
I am the same job you were having.
Walter, he has another full-time job, and he really...
He really seems to me on Saturdays, or if I'm on leave or something,
or that's dark, and I can't be there for the day, while Mr. Rawls usually be the one final.
But you were a... you know, type of principal or the head, the manager in surprise, Steven Buckles.
I have a point that's important to the fact that the Army is what I do most of the head-market, most of the call.
No matter if you're in a very good debt, we'll conclude the questioning of Mr. Ruflitsen's departure
the month, Steven, phone call, that's concerned, and we'll call on Chancellor Jenkins now
so that he can introduce him in the evidence.
And the Simonton's call, which we understand some of the Simonton's desires to have done at his time.
Good job, Mr. Ruflitsen.
And the next bar for the safety of the continuity of the record
is made to a little longer than ten minutes, I don't know how long it'll cost.
But I actually know that it comes just now that Saturdays, the time, the extended service,
makes it completely continuous back into the record.
And that's a good idea without a second, since the Simonton will be working on it until...
I hear a particular call of a pretty red.
I thank the Senator, and may I say I'd like to look for the end of the call to make a very short statement.
Thank you, Mr. Pete.
Are we through on this previous call on the agenda?
Yes, we're now on the agenda.
And Colin, that's the inquiry you need to address.
May I ask Mr. Jenkins, whether I have any phone call, but I just want to just put it there.
And I think that you'll be chairing the inquiry and not the Zincs and Tennis.
Jenkins, so the chair, if you will, go follow the yesterday's address.
And if you look at that, it will complete me by a matter of minutes.
I'll do any monitor phone call for me.
That's good.
That includes Dr. Zoot, and the details are...
I guess I was very unimportant, but I'm not going to ask you.
The Secretary of State, and his chairman, Mr. Rekky,
you further answer the Senator's objections to a question, let me say.
I think it's better to exact them that there are no monitor phone calls, whatever.
I think that's between the infectees, even though I'm at the head of the...
This for the record, I have one entirely correct.
There are none.
In my opinion, the president can call Mr. Chairman, the senator from Missouri,
has, I think, paid me a compliment.
The enacting that I've been through calls, I can be so over there.
I can't even tell the chairman without violating any of the rules of evidence,
and I can validate them by having the party who makes me chairman.
I could all do a slight discount for why the client's rights,
as Senator Jackson, and it might be better to call a continuity as far as the gentleman over here.
I'll put the menu on.
Please put the menu on.
The government's resolution is before it's to have a security trial.
I would ask the council to make a statement about this.
A couple of paraplegies, and then all of the calls, the same sir,
and it seemed to be which looked as if it was a month call,
or rather the same one.
I would list the rules on the witness stand at this time, the truth of the meeting.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have members of the committee.
I desire this time to make a statement with reference to one or two of these monitored telephone calls
that pass between Sponger Simonton and the Secretary of the Army.
There are two adjectives,
being perhaps two, certainly in one, maybe in more than one of these calls.
Which in my opinion do not seem the slightest,
and two are distracted from the meaning of that particular call.
I say that in all honesty and all sincerity.
I do not think they would invade the senator from Missouri, they would not invade me.
If I were the author of the call, but I'm going to ask those two adjectives, Senator McCarthy, and I,
do you say that they are no less changing the means of these calls that they didn't think they could have?
Yes, they are glad to have them as witnesses, they glad to hear that.
Mr. Cullen is not the only person who used a strong language.
I'm not the only person who could have been a gentleman,
but I'm not the only one who could have been a gentleman,
and we've got a slave, they do not change the meaning of the context of the calls.
And Mr. Welch, may I call upon you?
By unanimous concept, the adjective questions will be deleted from these.
Can't skip to the letter, Mr. Rones, if he's demanded any meet and just give me.
I was just very happy to have any member of the committee, including Senator McCarthy,
who looked up to two words, all I'd like to say there, no spend could be construed in any possible way as a scene,
however they might be construed as empathic.
I invite my colleague, Jim, to ask questions to strike in the unannounced attitudes of the record
and the carries also clarified over the wide confidence paid him that no adjective is his,
that it is his, that it is his, that it is his, that it is his, that it is his.
Mr. Welch, you are back on the witness band.
And you're here to fool quantify us as an expert in your line of monitoring telephone calls.
Mr. Chairman, I just, just want to be sure we got the address to it.
Before we reach the two words in question, I will be in the key.
Okay.
This is taken by the two serves that you are an expert in adjective.
As this as stated before, stating,
Mr. Welch, on the team's cover depth in firing a million new rounds in East Tennessee.
Mr. Welch, he states whether or not he's monitored his telephone conversation between Senator Simon and the Secretary of the Army,
on February 20th, 54, on 10-05, it doesn't state AM or PM, I presume, you can tell us.
Did you not do that, Mr. Chairman? It was a year because that afternoon I went to New York for the New York.
That was in the morning, then, of that date, just in order.
Now Mr. Rodin, you took that down, I think it in short hand.
Yes, sir.
I think it's a tight issue.
Whether or not it is verbatim, or 100 percent actors, those are not the Italian and European representatives of the conversation between Senator and the Secretary of the Army.
I will see to now read it in the record.
10-05, I say it's all Senator Stewart's time.
I say I want to call you, you and tell you, Mr. Stewart, in accordance with the previous request, if any, that, I say if he was face Secretary already.
I think that would be better.
Secretary, Secretary, I want to call you and tell you the developments.
But when I got in the office this morning, I found out for the first time where Senator McCarthy was, believing it is fair to put all the cards on the table at all times.
I wanted to call him and tell him that I had called on all the members of the committee.
I could find yesterday and that I had said that I did not intend to produce liquor, and I told him that I did not intend to have use of our professional officer for continued.
What you can imagine what happened, he really started to beat my brains up.
Senator Simonkin, don't worry about that.
Secretary of the Army, I am a codler of red, you see.
Secretary of the Army, did you have anybody on the phone? Secretary of the Army, who else I did?
Secretary of the Army, that's good, keep the recording.
Secretary of the Army, he blew his lid and finally he said, when you accept the subpoena for time's block Tuesday morning,
and I said, I will take that under advisement. He said, are you refusing? I said, I am not refusing to appear at all.
I will take it under advisement. He said, you are subpoena for 10 o'clock Tuesday morning. He didn't say what committee or where.
Senator Simonkin, just keep it all down on paper. Secretary of the Army, I wanted to post you on what had transpired.
I looked at it and gathered from that and probably just shifting to Washington and had me for a witness because I told him I was not going to produce liquor.
Senator Simonkin, he just called me his man and said he was not as liquor on Tuesday. If I found this way about it, if it was cursory on my part that he would go ahead with the hearing,
but if it was more than cursory, that he would postpone the hearing until I got back.
Senator Simonkin, wouldn't we do either? No, we can't.
Senator Simonkin, what did you have? What did that person call you when you did the entire job?
Senator Simonkin, he just called me his man and said that he would not have liquor on Tuesday. If I found this way about it, if it was cursory on my part, he would go ahead with the hearing,
but if it was more than cursory, that he would postpone the hearing until I got back.
Secretary of the Army, is both following them? Senator Simonkin? Yes, Secretary of the Army. I guess he is following another meeting now for the flippers that beating my brains out.
Senator Simonkin, I wouldn't show until I am here. I wouldn't go until I am here. Secretary of the Army, that is one reason why I am calling you.
Senator Simonkin, I will get into that with flippers, Secretary of the Army. I put any call for John McCullough and I talked to him just before your call came on.
Senator Simonkin, I just wouldn't go. Let me talk to Flipkitt about it and I will call you.
Is that all of that conversation Mr. Roach? Yes, you can now move to the room.
Who said, well, then I am 20th of February, 54th, you monitor the telephone call between Senator Simonkin and the Secretary of the Army. Yes, sir.
Is that according to your records, from the last meeting, the second one you reported, the 10-06 meeting? Yes, sir.
Do you have a transcript of that new hearting before you? Yes, sir.
Move it. Accurate. I was from Sanctuary, accurate. Yes, sir.
I will ask you to now read that as a record. In 20th of February, 54th, 10-25th, Senator Simonkin, along with his aide.
Secretary of the Army. Senator Simonkin, yes. I talked to our legal friend. He thinks it was in the state for you to call Mac.
I am writing this letter to Mac. Dear Mr. Chairman, they call me the other of your staff call this morning to say you are available to post-polling this book or hearing until March 10th.
Well, thereafter. Thank you very much. Secretary Stevens, all hope for me this morning. You are going to Sipina again this next Tuesday February 25th.
Because of my great interest in this entire matter, I would greatly appreciate you all post-polling in each hearing with respect to Secretary Stevens before the Army. I am sincere to yours.
I would suggest two things to you. One, less counterpunched this burden, not least. Two, I think your people over there are pretty impressed and I don't blame them. But maybe some of them can't see the force for the trees.
This boy gets awfully rough. I would use those telephone numbers I gave you yesterday. That's eight and deep. It could not be deeper in this fight for your opponent. You see?
Secretary of the Army, well, I tell you, probably it was for politics and for justice just because I just felt that having gone on and called on members of this committee, it was the right thing to do.
And it would not give him a chance to say that we go around behind his back.
Senator Simon, I'll just do it Mr. O.
The only addiction to me is short paragraph. From the meeting, I found this word.
I know, but it's amazing. Follow me and see if I read this paragraph correctly. With one exception to which I'll call your attention. From designing them.
I think that's probably pretty smart. But you aren't the same. But you are the secretary of the Army and you can do anything you can.
But I would not believe it was him a mission. It's awful. My friend. That is just for what it's worth. I have deleted only one word. I have an option.
You agree with me that it is no way to change this meeting. You got to be prepared. I just have sure he was.
If I just wanted to meet with Mayor, Mayor, I didn't need one word.
Apparently uttered by the secretary of the Army. Yes sir. I shall now meet Mr. Chairman and the next secretary.
I know it is worth a lot. The meeting one word. Mr. O.
Do you agree with me that it does in no way. I have to do it.
Check from the meeting of that sentence. I will show you the very last. Now, do we proceed Mr. O.
Sorry for signing them. It is a question of politics at all. It is a question of the integrity and fighting morale of the Army.
And therefore, everybody in my opinion, who has a concept of what this decent will break their back to help you in any way they can.
I would never have gotten near him if I could help it.
You were going ahead.
The next call I have is 1-2-3. Sorry for signing them calling.
Sorry for signing them.
I will send you the senator signings and returns.
That is not a direct call. That is not a direct call.
I will let him get on the phone on time.
I will give him a second. I will look at my notes.
Mr. O.
I will give you a little piece of your tooth to survive.
My friend gets to disay it.
This guy got any steam in him.
I said, sure right.
I believe one word have a not.
He was me that is no wise changes the meaning of that statement.
He said, if he had steel, he can do a great service.
He said, also, he has got to be careful of each move he makes.
Carefully thought out.
I think you may have put this fellow on the running a little bit, but he has to be at job in getting around something.
Did you read the lead editor of the New York Journal of Preview, Secretary of the Army? No, I haven't.
Senator Simonton. It is the worst of the fact against him that has ever been made.
I think you are in shape to protect your army provided you don't miss one and provide you stay tough.
I don't mean silly tough. I'm firm. Secretary of the Army. I've got to do that, Stuart. Senator Simonton.
One other fellow that is on your side, and I know he is absolutely top.
That is Bill Rogers. You can't go wrong with Bill.
Secretary of the Army. We have been in touch with him, of course.
Senator Simonton. This fellow might be sick to know. Secretary of the Army.
I thought by now he would have come out with a public statement.
I have here.
You go ahead Mr. Rhodes.
Starting with the statement of Senator Simonton, not the light, Senator Simonton.
I would doubt that he would do that.
Another thing we have got to be very careful because we don't want to push him in the place where he has to do his to preserve place.
Place because on that place is he will do anything.
You read this year I will editorial. Secretary of the Army. I will do that.
Is that all of that monitored telephone call Mr. Rhodes? Yes, sir.
Do you have another monitor telephone call between Senator Simonton and Secretary of the Army? Yes, sir.
What is the date of it? 21 February 1954.
What hour of the day? 1050. Am. Is this substantially correct? Yes, sir.
And did you monitor it? Yes, sir.
How do I excuse and now read that in the record? 1050.
Senator Simonton called Secretary of the Army. Senator Simonton.
One thing worried me a little bit. I wrote that letter to McCarty yesterday in which I said I requested.
There will be no hearing of you or anybody from the Army until I got back.
And I read it to you and you thought it was all right.
I was talking with my friend on some other matters this morning.
Just before taking off and he dealt me, that the Washington Post says you are going to volunteer to appear.
Secretary of the Army. They must have dreamed that up. I have made no statement like that.
On the other hand, Stu, I can't create the impression in the minds of the public that I am scared of this guy.
Senator Simonton.
If you said you would come to on your own time, if you would come at your own convenience, Secretary of the Army,
I haven't made any statement at all. There are some rumors going around.
They are all interested in this thing, of course. Senator Simonton.
If you and I are going to work together, we have got to be on the table with each other.
Total Father told me he got it out of the Pentagon. Secretary of the Army.
I am with Father Bruce Marrake.
Yes, sir Bruce. We serve you and we are working together.
Senator Simonton.
If you and I are going to work together, we have got to be on the table with each other.
Total Father told me he got it out of the Pentagon.
Secretary of the Army.
I am other than amazed if he did. Senator Simonton.
I know he got it from.
If you are going to play with McCartney, you have got to just get about me on those marks,
or Queenbury rules.
The thing I wanted to tell you is that here is the way they operate.
If they felt that you had gone too far and you just conversations with you, they would leave you to a reporter.
But maybe you had asked to come instead of the fact that they had instructed you to come.
Secretary of the Army.
I would issue a statement and deny that.
Senator Simonton.
On the Washington Post, you have one of the very best reporters who will be in your camp.
And that is Marie Margaret.
And I thought, Reston, who is one of the best, I've won the best articles I have read in New York Times.
Secretary of the Army.
You can see call me yesterday and I told him what I knew.
Senator Simonton.
I thought he wrote a very excellent article.
Secretary of the Army.
I haven't seen the post to tell the truth.
Senator Simonton.
Otter Rokit.
He did get it on the Hill.
The only thing I want to do is just don't put me in a box by going up there to the day.
I will not go.
We can throw the box in his thing.
Secretary of the Army.
I would much rather have this thing post-cone in line with your letter.
I'm not looking forward to going up there on Tuesday.
Because he were actually to Safina me while I have the technical right not to go.
Senator Simonton, he can't Safina you.
Here are the rules we drove through.
If the three Democratic members of the committee are unanimous enough foraging a hearing,
then the hearing will not be held unless the majority of the full committee agrees to it.
Now I think I have got to show the majority of the full committee will not agree to it.
However, I just ask you not to make me look silly.
If you decide to go up before I get back, that is 100% with me.
I would talk to McClellan about it.
It might make me look silly.
Secretary of the Army.
I am not going to do that.
I am not going to put you in any box.
Senator Simonton, the only thing is I don't want him to unload on me while I am gone.
Did all of that conversation throw out?
Yes sir.
All of the monitored telephone conversations that Chiefs is packing between the security of the Army and Senator Simonton.
Now let's keep the stand aside and let Mr. Lucius take the witness stand.
Mr. Obama, Mr. Lucius comes to the witness stand while we have this opportunity.
Let's return to our studio.